What are you doing?
Big brother hehe
Finally showed up
We're here for equity
Hurry up and return the money to us.
Upstairs, you know I'm going broke
What do I give you for equity?
Hmph, you want to default, right?
If you don't give us money today
I'll smash everything in this house for you
Go go go
How dare you
Think about equity, right?
Yes, I'll take it.
But I want to charge 1/10 of the price.
You fart 1/10
You take us for fools?
Right or not, it's up to you.
Anyway, after Longtai Group goes bankrupt
How much is that cigarette in your hand?
It's worthless.
Dad?
Or are we still right?
OK
Our team can
Hello, guys.
Who was right?
Come, come, come, the same price, I will accept it all.
Our team is against our team
Our team sees people's hearts in adversity
usually
You see me humbling
Now there's a little bit of wind and grass.
One, five, six
You scum
Dad, don't be angry
OK
Usually, you are the chairperson of the group
To respect you
Your company is now bankrupt
Who gives you face?
I'm happy when I get the money
Hahaha, that's right.
We only look at the money cut.
You can dry it at once.
After this?
There are fewer idlers and helpers in the company
And I want you to listen to me.
I'm going to make you regret it now